			Assignment 16 – Week 16

01. Write a JS program to check whether a character is an uppercase or lowercase alphabet.
02. Write a JS program to input the week number and print weekday.
03. Write a JS program to input the month number and print the number of days in that month.
04. Write a JS program to count the total number of notes in a given amount.
05. Write a JS program to input angles of a triangle and check whether a triangle is valid or not.
06. Write a JS program to input all sides of a triangle and check whether a triangle is valid or not.
07. Write a JS program to check whether the triangle is an equilateral, isosceles, or scalene triangle.
08. Write a JS program to find all roots of a quadratic equation.
09. Write a JS program to calculate profit or loss.
10. Write a JS program to search all occurrences of a character in the given string.
11. Write a JS program to count occurrences of a character in the given string.
12. Write a JS program to find the highest frequency character in a string.
13. Write a JS program to find the lowest frequency character in a string.
14. Write a JS program to count the frequency of each character in a string.
15. Write a JS program to remove the first occurrence of a character from the string.
16. Write a JS program to remove the last occurrence of a character from the string.
17. Write a JS program to remove all occurrences of a character from the string.
18. Write a JS program to remove all repeated characters from a given string.
19. Write a JS program to replace the first occurrence of a character with another in a string.
20. Write a JS program to replace the last occurrence of a character with another in a string.
21. Write a JS program to replace all occurrences of a character with another in a string.
22. Write a JS program to find the first occurrence of a word in a given string.
23. Write a JS program to find the last occurrence of a word in a given string.
24. Write a JS program to search all occurrences of a word in the given string.
25. Write a JS program to count occurrences of a word in a given string.
26. Write a JS program to remove the first occurrence of a word from the given string.
27. Write a JS program to remove the last occurrence of a word in the given string.
28. Write a JS program to remove all occurrences of a word in the given string.
29. Write a JS program to trim leading white space characters from the given string.
30. Write a JS program to trim trailing white space characters from the given string.
31. Write a JS program to trim both leading and trailing white space characters from the given string.
32. Write a JS program to remove all extra blank spaces from the given string.
33. Write a JS program to count the frequency of each element in an array.
34. Write a JS program to print all unique elements in the array.
35. Write a JS program to count the total number of duplicate elements in an array.
36. Write a JS program to delete all duplicate elements from an array.
37. Write a JS program to merge two arrays into the third array.
38. Write a JS program to find the reverse of an array.
39. Write a JS program to put even and odd elements of an array into two separate arrays.
40. Write a JS program to search an element in an array.
41. Write a JS program to sort array elements in ascending or descending order.
42. Write a JS program to sort even and odd elements of the array separately.
43. Write a JS program to left rotate an array.
44. Write a JS program to right rotate an array.
45. Write a JS program to find the sum of all natural numbers between 1 to n.
46. Write a JS program to find the sum of all even numbers between 1 to n.
47. Write a JS program to find the sum of all odd numbers between 1 to n.
48. Write a JS program to print the multiplication table of any number.
49. Write a JS program to count the number of digits in a number.
50. Write a JS program to find the first and last digit of a number.
51. Write a JS program to find the sum of the first and last digit of a number.
52. Write a JS program to swap the first and last digits of a number.
53. Write a JS program to calculate the sum of digits of a number.
54. Write a JS program to calculate the product of digits of a number.